## Step 1: Edit the presentation
Start by [remixing this example project](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/remix/RevealJS/a787ebb0-b8ea-4a1f-8b6e-20d72cc6018d) so that you have your own copy of the code. Then, to edit the presentation that's shown when you click 'Show' (the client presentation), you can edit the `public/_client/index.html` file. If you only want to create a presentation and have it available online, then that's all you need to change. You just give people your project's publish URL and they'll be able to see it and can navigate through it. There's [detailed documentation](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#instructions) describing the HTML code you need to produce a presentation. The example presentation included in this project is a good starting point, as it has examples of all key functionality within that slide deck. However, if you want to use the multiplexing functionality, then there's some additional configuration.

## Step 2: Generate a token and update the presentation files
The master presentation is served at `/master`, so this is the version of the presentation that you would use as the presenter. To edit it, edit the file at `public/_master/index.html`. To use the multiplexing functionality, the application uses a combination of a `socketId` and `secret`, so that the master and client presentations know about each other and the master presentation can update the client one. You need to generate these credentials using a [socket.io server](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js#socketio-server) - we've provided one at [https://tin-princess.glitch.me/token](https://tin-princess.glitch.me/token). You're free to use this server URL in your own presentations, but if you'd prefer to get your own, then feel free to remix that project too so that you have your own personal URL to use. There's no config required, it'll just work after being remixed. When you go to `/token` a secret and socketId are generated. Copy and paste these values into your own presentations. You need to replace the dummy values for `secret` and `id` (socketId) in the multiplex object of the `Reveal.initialize()` method in both the `_client/index.html` and `_master/index.html` files.


With that done, you can test it out. Open your client presentation, by clicking 'Show' (a tab will open with the URL that you should give to those watching the presentation remotely). Then in another tab open your master presentation, it's your project's publish URL with '/master' appended. Your master presentation should show, and a new tab will open with your speaker notes. Then when you navigate through the slides in the speaker notes tab, your master slide deck will be updated as will the client presentation.

## Getting Help

You can see other example projects on our [Community Projects](https://glitch.com/) page. And if you get stuck, let us know on the [forum](http://support.glitch.com/) and we can help you out.